http://purl.org/library/hasManifestation: has physical copy
http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs: is same as
http://schema.org/url: has url
http://schema.org/isbn: has isbn
http://purl.org/library/holdingsCount: has holdings count
http://schema.org/name: called
http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#inScheme: is in scheme
http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label: labeled
http://schema.org/bookEdition: is edition
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/page: is on page
http://schema.org/inLanguage: in
http://purl.org/library/oclcnum: has oclc number
http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type: is type
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/homepage: has homepage
http://schema.org/copyrightYear: has copyright year
http://schema.org/contentRating: has rating
http://schema.org/bookFormat: is in format
http://schema.org/about: about
http://schema.org/illustrator: has illustrators
http://schema.org/isFamilyFriendly: is family friendly
http://purl.org/library/hasCarrier: has carrier
http://schema.org/description: on
http://www.loc.gov/mads/rdf/v1#isIdentifiedByAuthority: is identified
http://schema.org/awards: has awards
http://schema.org/contributor: has contributors
http://schema.org/numberOfPages: has number of pages
http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf: is part of
http://schema.org/author: written by
http://schema.org/datePublished: published in
http://schema.org/image: has image
http://schema.org/genre: is genre
